So, guys, the second stage of the completion process is actually the completion of stage this stage
stakes and import the tax substituted source file, which is produced by the preprocessing stage of
the completion process and the stage to the completion stage produces the assembly code as an output.
So this assembly code is equivalent to the high level program code that you wrote, intestacy source
file and the file, which contains the equivalent assembly code, has an extension of Dartez.
So now let us compile our test one dot seesaws file and see how assembly code looks like.
So you can see on the left hand side is the best one dot seesaws file, which is a tax substituted source
file on the right hand side, I will compile the test one dot seesaws file to create an excellent assembly
code.
So not that you need to pass the flag hyphen capital as to your compiler in order to create the assembly
code, right.
So all the assembly code will go in test dot as file.
So if I open Testament's file, you can see the same program which you ruled in a high level C language
has been reduced to the assembly language.
Now, this assembly language may appear as a piece of junk to you.
Of course, you would not understand even a single line in this file if we have never does the assembly
programming or something.
And I'm sure that 99 percent of the student do not learn assembly language.
And it is actually OK because until or unless you are really working at the lower level staff, you
never need to learn assembly language.
So in this piece of code, you can see that your main function is here and this is the equivalent implementation
and this is the equivalent assembly implementation of the main function.
So you can see that your three lines of code in the main function is reduced to about 20 lines in the
assembly language program.
Similarly, you had the function compute circle area and following is the assembly implementation of
this function.
So basically all you need to take away from here is that that completion stage involves the translation
of the high level source program.
But you roj to the equivalent assembly code and once you have generated this equivalent assembly code,
we feed this assembly code to the third stage of the completion process, which is called assembler.
So Assembler is a program which takes an input to the assembly code and produces the output, which
is called machine code or object files.
So in the next lecture video, we will catch up with the assembler.